"""
The dynamics of quantum many-body systems is characterized by quantum observables 
that are reconstructed from correlation functions at separate points in space and time. 
In dynamics with fast entanglement generation, however, quantum observables generally 
become insensitive to the details of the underlying dynamics at long times due to 
the effects of scrambling.

To circumvent this limitation and enable access to relevant dynamics in experimental 
systems, repeated time-reversal protocols have been successfully implemented. 
Here we experimentally measure the second-order out-of-time-order correlators (OTOC(2)) 
on a superconducting quantum processor and find that they remain sensitive to the 
underlying dynamics at long timescales.

Furthermore, OTOC(2) manifests quantum correlations in a highly entangled quantum 
many-body system that are inaccessible without time-reversal techniques. 
This is demonstrated through an experimental protocol that randomizes the phases of 
Pauli strings in the Heisenberg picture by inserting Pauli operators during quantum evolution.

The measured values of OTOC(2) are substantially changed by the protocol, thereby 
revealing constructive interference between Pauli strings that form large loops 
in the configuration space. The observed interference mechanism also endows OTOC(2) 
with high degrees of classical simulation complexity.

These results, combined with the capability of OTOC(2) in unravelling useful details 
of quantum dynamics—as shown through an example of Hamiltonian learning—indicate 
a viable path to practical quantum advantage.


Main
-----
Identifying complex correlations between the many-body degrees of freedom in a 
quantum system is a central goal for the simulation of quantum dynamics. 
Even spectroscopic questions can be formulated in terms of few-point dynamical correlations.

As entanglement grows with system size or evolution time, the resulting dynamics 
are often ergodic. Consequently, the sensitivities to the details of the quantum 
dynamics decay exponentially for most quantum observables, limiting their utility 
in revealing many-body correlations.

Numerical or analytical studies of correlations are also hindered by the difficulty 
of identifying subtle contributing processes, which undermine common simplifying 
assumptions. Moreover, the linearity of the Schrödinger equation precludes the use 
of classical techniques based on sensitivity to initial conditions—methods that have 
proven effective in detecting the butterfly effect and characterizing classical chaos.
"""
